Now we learned that as programmers we started to write code that was just pure procedural code to something
more organized using something like object oriented programming.
And we talked about how we had languages like Smalltalk that had this concept of classes and objects
to organize our code into these functional boxes now around the same time.
There were also this idea of a another paradigm called functional programming and languages like Scheme
introduced this idea of functional programming.
Now remember a paradigm is a way for us to think about our code and organize our code.
And up until this point we learned about object oriented programming.
In the next couple of videos I want to tackle this idea of functional programming.
Now some of the concepts are different than object oriented programming but that doesn't mean that you
have to pick one or the other or one is better than the other.
Instead we can use the concepts from both to think like programmers and understand that there's tradeoffs
pros and cons to each.
And we're gonna try and explore that over the next couple of videos.
So what is functional programming let's find out.